jquery plugins(get slider in tagbond,tagmanager)
food collections
resume
reference

Developer skills
Yii Framework
PHP
HTML 
CSS
jQuery
AJAX
Javascript
Bootstrap
MongoDB
MySQL
Networking
Model View Controller Pattern(MVC)

Tools
Amazon s3
Sublime Text Editor
Github
Bitbucket
Adobe Photoshop
Windows
Ubuntu

Personal Skills
Cook dishes 
Creative art designs

Hobbies
travel
cook
play online games
suring the net
watch movies
hangout with friends
singing
learn and try new things
shop

I Love adventures
remix mashups and loud songs
zedd,tiesto,daniel kim,avicci


personal websites
fb
twitter
linkedin

websites
tagcash.com


Tagbond Hackathon(tagAhelp)
 -team xtrm
DevCup2014(Intuition)
 - team Innovision


employee of the year 2012



Front end and backend web developer
Total experience 2 years and 4months (code this)
experience working with indian peeps

Jella Divina Tolentino, a 22 year old programmer, gamer, learner and explorer. 
Using PHP , Jquery and Javascript is what she certainly capable of.Optimizing and
debugging codes is the best part for her when it comes to programming due to the fact she
wants everything to be well-organized.She have way too many interest to name, but one of the
things she wants to explore more is her creative side and make use of imagination which might
help her in the chosen field and might as well in the future of her other interest in life.Hard
work , patience and sharp focus is the key in everything.

Presently,she is starting to like Hackathons and creating her own jquery plugins.She
also plays online game like League of Legends.Painting stuff and exploring other programming
languages is what she is trying to focus on aside from her job.Exploring hardware devices is
also what she wanted to do, this includes networking and system units functionalities.Enjoys
attending meetups or seminars when she catches her time.On her 22 years of existence,there's
only one thing that she always rely on,that “Life is about continuous progress,move forward but
don't forget to look back”.

I am Ajay Balachandran a 22 year old web developer, movie buff, gamer from Kochi, India. I love doing stuff in jQuery and PHP. I am proficient with PHP, MySQL, and Apache as well as jQuery, AJAX and JSON. I am also good with Photoshop. Oh and BTW I am an avid gamer and love to game on my X360. I also watch lots of movies and love Christopher Nolan, Tarantino, Dicaprio, Christian Bale, Bruce Willis and Adam Sandler. I also love U2 and actually designed much of this website while their "Without or without you" and "Walk On" were looping on my media player. I did my schooling at Kendriya Vidyalaya, Ernakulam and degree at Union Christian College, Aluva. You can download my resume from here. Did you really think I could squeeze an entire Wordpress blog onto this small black square ? You can view my blog by clicking this link. You will find tutorials, reviews, articles and other cool stuff on my blog. or Call me on. (0091) 8089 580 482.04. Mootlet is a Social debating website where you can express your opinions, ideas and views about a particular topic. I myself designed and developed this website for my startup Machinga. Cristina Hanbags is London's largest handbag retailer store. The site includes a shopping cart and content management system developed by me while I worked for Designdirect UK. Naalam 2011 is the website of "Naalam 2011" a cultural event of National University of Advanced Legal Studies. The site was fully designed and developed by me and is still one of my favourites. Unfortunately the site is not live as the event is now over and the domain hasn't been renewed. Enfield Malayalee Association or ENMA website was created while I worked at Designdirect UK. The site includes a full fledged content management system developed by me. Medic Notice Board is a website where tickets of various courses and conferences can be bought online. The site also includes a complete content management system. UKCBC is the website of UK College of Business and Computing. Students can pay fees and apply for various courses through this website.
